Why don’t scientists trust atoms? Because they make up everything lol.
Why did the scarecrow win an award? Because he was outstanding in his field lol.
What do you call fake spaghetti? An impasta lol.
Why did the bicycle fall over? Because it was two-tired lol.
How does a penguin build its house? Igloos it together lol.
Why did the math book look sad? Because it had too many problems lol.
Why don’t skeletons fight each other? They don’t have the guts lol.
What do you call cheese that isn’t yours? Nacho cheese lol.
Why did the tomato turn red? Because it saw the salad dressing lol.
How do you make a tissue dance? Put a little boogie in it lol.
Why did the coffee file a police report? It got mugged lol.
What do you call a snowman with a six-pack? An abdominal snowman lol.
Why can’t your nose be 12 inches long? Because then it would be a foot lol.
What did the ocean say to the beach? Nothing, it just waved lol.
Why did the golfer bring two pairs of pants? In case he got a hole in one lol.
What do you call an alligator in a vest? An investigator lol.
Why did the cookie go to the hospital? Because he felt crummy lol.
What do you call a pile of cats? A meowtain lol.
Why don’t oysters donate to charity? Because they’re shellfish lol.
How do you catch a squirrel? Climb a tree and act like a nut lol.
What’s brown and sticky? A stick lol.
Why did the computer go to the doctor? It caught a virus lol.
What do you get when you cross a snowman and a vampire? Frostbite lol.
How do cows stay up to date with current events? They read the moos-paper lol.
Why did the man put his money in the blender? He wanted to make liquid assets lol.
What do you call a factory that makes okay products? A satisfactory lol.
Why did the chicken join a band? Because it had the drumsticks lol.
What do you call a bear with no teeth? A gummy bear lol.
Why was the math lecture so long? The professor kept going off on a tangent lol.
Why did the banana go to the doctor? Because it wasn’t peeling well lol.
Why did the stadium get hot after the game? All the fans left lol.
Why did the frog take the bus to work? His car got toad away lol.
How do you organize a space party? You planet lol.
Why was the broom late? It overswept lol.
Why did the picture go to jail? Because it was framed lol.
What did one wall say to the other wall? I’ll meet you at the corner lol.
Why did the mushroom go to the party alone? Because he’s a fungi lol.
Why was the belt arrested? For holding up a pair of pants lol.
Why did the man stare at the can of orange juice? Because it said “concentrate” lol.
Why did the duck get a red card? For fowl play lol.
Why did the skeleton go to the party alone? He had no body to go with him lol.
What do you call a cow with no legs? Ground beef lol.
Why did the computer go to art school? It wanted to learn to draw lol.
Why did the student eat his homework? Because the teacher said it was a piece of cake lol.
Why do bees have sticky hair? Because they use honeycombs lol.
Why did the chicken go to the seance? To talk to the other side lol.
Why did the scarecrow get promoted? Because he was outstanding in his field lol.
Why did the tomato blush? Because it saw the salad dressing lol.
Why did the bicycle fall over? It was two-tired lol.
Why did the golfer bring an extra shirt? In case he got a hole in one lol.
What do you call a snowman in the summer? A puddle lol.
Why did the dog sit in the shade? Because he didn’t want to be a hot dog lol.
Why was the calendar so popular? Because it had a lot of dates lol.
Why did the cookie cry? Because his mom was a wafer too long lol.
Why did the orange stop? It ran out of juice lol.
Why did the pencil break up with the pen? It found him too sketchy lol.
Why did the math book look so sad? It had too many problems lol.
Why did the skeleton go to the dance alone? He had no body to go with lol.
What do you call a sleeping bull? A bulldozer lol.
Why did the elephant bring a suitcase? Because he wanted to pack his trunk lol.
Why was the computer cold? It left its Windows open lol.
Why did the mushroom get invited to every party? He was a fungi to be with lol.
Why did the bicycle stay up all night? It was two-tired lol.
Why did the tomato turn red? Because it saw the salad dressing lol.
Why did the chicken cross the playground? To get to the other slide lol.
Why did the cat sit on the computer? To keep an eye on the mouse lol.
Why did the man put his money in the blender? He wanted to make liquid assets lol.
Why did the fish blush? Because it saw the ocean’s bottom lol.
What do you call a snowman with a carrot nose? Frosty lol.
Why did the coffee file a police report? It got mugged lol.
Why did the broom go to school? To sweep up some knowledge lol.
Why was the math book sad? It had too many problems lol.
Why did the belt go to jail? For holding up pants lol.
Why did the man put his clock in the blender? He wanted to make time fly lol.
Why did the skeleton stay home from school? He felt bone-tired lol.
Why did the tomato turn red? Because it saw the salad dressing lol.
What do you call a cow that plays the piano? A moo-sician lol.
Why did the banana go to the doctor? Because it wasn’t peeling well lol.
Why did the cookie go to the hospital? Because he felt crummy lol.
What do you call a pig that knows karate? A pork chop lol.
Why did the chicken go to the seance? To talk to the other side lol.
Why did the computer go to the doctor? It caught a virus lol.
Why did the man put his money in the blender? He wanted to make liquid assets lol.
Why did the pencil go to the principal’s office? It was caught drawing lol.
Why did the dog sit in the shade? He didn’t want to be a hot dog lol.
Why did the mushroom go to the party alone? Because he’s a fungi lol.
Why did the bicycle fall over? Because it was two-tired lol.
Why did the golfer bring an extra shirt? In case he got a hole in one lol.
Why did the computer go to art school? It wanted to learn to draw lol.
Why did the chicken cross the playground? To get to the other slide lol.
Why did the elephant bring a suitcase? Because he wanted to pack his trunk lol.
Why did the skeleton go to the dance alone? He had no body to go with lol.
Why did the cat sit on the computer? To keep an eye on the mouse lol.
Why did the coffee file a police report? It got mugged lol.
Why did the man put his clock in the blender? He wanted to make time fly lol.
Why did the math book look so sad? It had too many problems lol.
What do you call a cow with no legs? Ground beef lol.
Why did the orange stop? It ran out of juice lol.
Why did the pencil break up with the pen? It found him too sketchy lol.
Why did the dog sit in the shade? Because he didn’t want to be a hot dog lol.
Why did the chicken join a band? Because it had the drumsticks lol.
Why did the mushroom get invited to every party? He was a fungi to be with lol.
Why was the calendar so popular? Because it had a lot of dates lol.
Why did the tomato turn red? Because it saw the salad dressing lol.
Why did the cookie cry? Because his mom was a wafer too long lol.
Why did the chicken cross the road? To get to the other side lol.
Why did the fish blush? Because it saw the ocean’s bottom lol.
Why did the scarecrow get promoted? Because he was outstanding in his field lol.
Why did the skeleton stay home from school? He felt bone-tired lol.
Why did the man stare at the can of orange juice? Because it said “concentrate” lol.
Why did the duck get a red card? For fowl play lol.
What do you call a sleeping bull? A bulldozer lol.
Why did the elephant bring a suitcase? Because he wanted to pack his trunk lol.
Why did the skeleton go to the party alone? He had no body to go with him lol.
Why did the computer go to art school? It wanted to learn to draw lol.
Why did the pencil go to the principal’s office? It was caught drawing lol.
Why did the bicycle stay up all night? It was two-tired lol.
Why did the chicken cross the playground? To get to the other slide lol.
Why did the man put his money in the blender? He wanted to make liquid assets lol.
Why did the cat sit on the computer? To keep an eye on the mouse lol.
Why did the coffee file a police report? It got mugged lol.
Why did the man put his clock in the blender? He wanted to make time fly lol.
Why did the math book look so sad? It had too many problems lol.
Why did the belt go to jail? For holding up pants lol.
Why did the banana go to the doctor? Because it wasn’t peeling well lol.
Why did the cookie go to the hospital? Because he felt crummy lol.
What do you call a pig that knows karate? A pork chop lol.
Why did the chicken go to the seance? To talk to the other side lol.
Why don’t eggs tell jokes? They’d crack each other up lol.
Why did the man put his car in the oven? He wanted a hot rod lol.
Why did the clock get kicked out of class? It tocked too much lol.
Why did the barber win the race? He knew all the shortcuts lol.
Why don’t melons get married? Because they cantaloupe lol.
Why did the music teacher go to jail? She got caught with sharp objects lol.
Why did the baker go to therapy? Too many loaf issues lol.
Why did the tree get a promotion? It was outstanding in its roots lol.
Why did the photo go to jail? It was framed lol.
Why did the man bring a ladder to the bar? He heard the drinks were on the house lol.
Why did the fish join a band? Because it had its own scales lol.
Why did the cow become an astronaut? It wanted to see the moooon lol.
Why don’t candles ever win arguments? They always blow out lol.
Why did the duck sit in class? To improve its quack-ademics lol.
Why did the shoe go to heaven? It had good soles lol.
Why did the grape stop rolling? It ran out of juice lol.
Why did the man sit on his watch? He wanted to be on time lol.
Why did the scarecrow start a podcast? He wanted to go viral in his field lol.
Why did the skeleton refuse dessert? He didn’t have the stomach for it lol.
Why did the spider go on the computer? To check its webmail lol.
Why did the tree go to the dentist? It needed a root canal lol.
Why did the banana wear sunscreen? Because it peels easily lol.
Why did the light bulb break up with the lamp? It couldn’t handle the shade lol.
Why did the notebook break up with the pen? It found him too sketchy lol.
Why did the cloud stay home? It was feeling under the weather lol.
Why did the music note go to school? To improve its tone lol.
Why did the astronaut break up with his girlfriend? He needed space lol.
Why did the vacuum break up with the broom? It sucked all the fun out lol.
Why did the clock get arrested? It was caught killing time lol.
Why did the table get detention? It couldn’t keep its legs still lol.
Why did the tomato refuse to fight? It didn’t want to get saucy lol.
Why did the frog read so much? It was a real book-hopper lol.
Why did the snowman call his lawyer? He was getting melted in court lol.
Why did the battery go to therapy? It needed a recharge lol.
Why did the cookie visit the doctor? It was feeling crumbly inside lol.
Why did the corn start telling jokes? It wanted to be a-maize-ing lol.
Why did the painter get locked out? He lost his brushes with greatness lol.
Why did the mountain go to the dentist? It had a bad cavity lol.
Why did the onion cry during the movie? It related too much lol.
Why did the cactus cross the road? It was stuck on the other side lol.
Why did the umbrella open a store? It wanted to cover all bases lol.
Why did the key get promoted? It turned everything around lol.
Why did the bread win the award? Because it rose to the occasion lol.
Why did the ghost go to school? To learn boo-lean algebra lol.
Why did the coffee shop close early? Because it ran out of grounds lol.
Why did the robot go on a diet? Too many bytes lol.
Why did the garden shovel quit? It was fed up with all the dirt lol.
Why did the volcano go on a date? It wanted to let off some steam lol.
Why did the pillow get promoted? It was outstanding in support lol.
Why did the yogurt go to art class? It wanted to get cultured lol.
Why did the mirror apply for a job? It could reflect well lol.
Why did the cat join the Red Cross? To be a first-aid kit-ty lol.
Why did the fish blush? It saw the ocean’s bottom lol.
Why did the fridge apply to college? It wanted to keep things cool lol.
Why did the pencil visit the therapist? It felt pointless lol.
Why did the candle go to school? To get a little brighter lol.
Why did the oven break up with the stove? Things got too heated lol.
Why did the tree bring a notebook? It wanted to branch out lol.
Why did the cookie apply for a job? It kneaded dough lol.
Why did the potato become a detective? It was a master of disguise lol.
Why did the spider get promoted? Great web performance lol.
Why did the cereal go to therapy? It felt empty inside lol.
Why did the moon skip dinner? It was full lol.
Why did the trash can get fired? It was full of garbage ideas lol.
Why did the lamp get in trouble? It couldn’t stop shining light on secrets lol.
Why did the bear bring a suitcase? It wanted to pack light lol.
Why did the ruler feel bad? It measured up to no one lol.
Why did the snowflake get in trouble? It flaked out on work lol.
Why did the paintbrush go to therapy? It had too many strokes of anxiety lol.
Why did the door get a job? It had great potential to open new opportunities lol.
Why did the mushroom break up with the mold? It was getting toxic lol.
Why did the fisherman blush? He saw the buoys lol.
Why did the bird go to therapy? It had tweetment issues lol.
Why did the coffee break up with the sugar? It found someone sweeter lol.
Why did the typewriter go to the party? It wanted to make an impression lol.
Why did the traffic light turn red? It saw the other light changing lol.
Why did the blanket get an award? It covered everything lol.
Why did the bee get fired? It buzzed off too early lol.
Why did the fork get jealous? The spoon was getting all the attention lol.
Why did the ketchup blush? It saw the fries naked lol.
Why did the balloon get promoted? It was rising above expectations lol.
Why did the house apply for a loan? It wanted to add some interest lol.
Why did the zipper get stuck? It couldn’t handle the pressure lol.
Why did the battery get dumped? It lost its spark lol.
Why did the bottle go to the doctor? It had a bad cap lol.
Why did the plant sit near the window? It wanted to leaf the past behind lol.
Why did the chair go to therapy? It couldn’t handle the pressure lol.
Why did the bird refuse to sing? It lost its tweet of confidence lol.
Why did the sand blush? Because the seaweed lol.
Why did the calculator look sad? It couldn’t count on anyone lol.
Why did the pirate go to school? To improve his arrrrr-ticulation lol.
Why did the broom stop working? It swept under pressure lol.
Why did the pencil cry? It was drawing too many conclusions lol.
Why did the glove break up with the hat? It felt left out lol.
Why did the spoon go to jail? It was stirring up trouble lol.
Why did the blanket refuse to leave? It was too attached lol.
Why did the painting get embarrassed? Everyone was staring lol.
Why did the carrot win employee of the month? It was outstanding in its patch lol.
Why did the toaster go to therapy? It couldn’t handle the heat lol.
Why did the cloud skip school? It had a foggy brain lol.
Why did the rock break up with the pebble? It needed space lol.
Why did the fish stop swimming? It got tanked lol.
Why did the clock break up with the calendar? It needed more time lol.
Why did the orange stop running? It ran out of juice lol.
Why did the balloon pop? It couldn’t handle the pressure lol.
Why did the sandwich go to the party? To meet new loaf interests lol.
Why did the chicken get promoted? Egg-cellent performance lol.
Why did the spider start a YouTube channel? For more web traffic lol.
Why did the snowman become a detective? He liked cold cases lol.
Why did the farmer win an award? He was outstanding in his crop field lol.
Why did the pig open a bakery? To make bacon rolls lol.
Why did the plant go on vacation? It needed to unwind its roots lol.
Why did the egg hide? It was egg-stra shy lol.
Why did the pancake get a medal? It always stacked up lol.
Why did the grape go to the doctor? It was feeling a little wine-y lol.
Why did the bird get a smartphone? To tweet more efficiently lol.
Why did the volcano start a business? It had explosive growth lol.
Why did the key feel useless? It lost its purpose lol.
Why did the bell ring twice? It wanted to make a sound point lol.
Why did the scarf get promoted? It was neck and neck with success lol.
Why did the apple stop talking? It ran out of core topics lol.
Why did the pirate go to the gym? To work on his booty lol.
Why did the snowman smile? Because the sun gave him a warm feeling lol.
Why did the candle get a job? It wanted to make light of things lol.
Why did the bird join the choir? It wanted to sing its heart out lol.
Why did the pencil join a band? It had a good point lol.
Why did the chef break up with the waiter? It couldn’t handle the orders lol.
Why did the leaf join social media? To make some buds lol.
Why did the bee get bad grades? It was always buzzing around lol.
Why did the moon go broke? It lost its quarters lol.
Why did the banana go to the bar? To split lol.
Why did the spider blush? It saw the fly open lol.
Why did the book join a dating app? It wanted a new chapter lol.
Why did the pillow get detention? It couldn’t keep its mouth shut lol.
Why did the watermelon get engaged? It found the rind one lol.
Why did the firefly fail school? It wasn’t very bright lol.
Why did the spoon refuse to fight? It didn’t want to stir trouble lol.
Why did the bread get dumped? It was too crumby lol.
Why did the light bulb feel smarter? It had a bright idea lol.
Why did the cereal start meditating? It wanted inner peas lol.
Why did the orange fail the test? It couldn’t concentrate lol.
Why did the snowflake blush? It fell for the wrong cloud lol.
Why did the cookie go skydiving? It wanted to crumble under pressure lol.
Why did the salad get promoted? It was dressing for success lol.
Why did the dog bring a towel? He wanted to be a dry dog lol.
Why did the paper cry? It was feeling torn lol.
Why did the magnet break up with the fridge? It felt stuck lol.
Why did the map go missing? It lost its direction lol.
Why did the toast feel left out? It wasn’t part of the jam lol.
Why did the broom go to the beach? To sweep the shore lol.
Why did the soda go to school? To get more pop-ular lol.
Why did the clock skip work? It needed a second hand lol.
Why did the fisherman blush? He saw the buoys lol.
Why did the ice cube break up with the freezer? It needed to chill out lol.
Why did the stapler get detention? It was stuck on trouble lol.
Why did the tomato become a comedian? It loved ketchup-ing laughs lol.
Why did the egg sit alone? It didn’t want to crack up lol.
Why did the vacuum go to school? It wanted to suck less lol.
Why did the bread loaf cry? It was feeling crumby lol.
Why did the barber get promoted? She was a cut above lol.
Why did the storm get invited to the party? It was a real blast lol.
Why did the river never get lost? It always went with the flow lol.
Why did the pencil go to space? It wanted to draw the stars lol.
Why did the alarm clock get fired? It just couldn’t wake up to reality lol.
Why did the ocean go to therapy? Too many deep issues lol.
Why did the duck bring tape? To fix its quack lol.
Why did the table stop talking? It got bored lol.
Why did the hamburger go to the gym? To get better buns lol.
Why did the magnet look sad? It felt repelled lol.
Why did the chair win the race? It always took a seat ahead lol.
Why did the taco go to therapy? It was falling apart lol.
Why did the banana take a nap? It was peeling tired lol.
Why did the muffin go to the doctor? It was feeling crumby lol.
Why did the tomato go to school? To catch up lol.
Why did the cloud blush? It saw the rainbow changing lol.
Why did the fridge win an award? It was cool under pressure lol.
Why did the pillow cry? It felt down lol.
Why did the blender go to therapy? It couldn’t mix with others lol.
Why did the pizza quit its job? It couldn’t deliver lol.
Why did the mountain feel lonely? It was peak isolation lol.
Why did the plant laugh? It found something a-maize-ing lol.
Why did the keyboard sleep in? It lost control lol.
Why did the tree join a band? It had great roots lol.
Why did the soap fail its test? It couldn’t concentrate lol.
Why did the cookie sit on the computer? It wanted to clear its cache lol.